MTU change detection and handling (#34314)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

  In case of downgrades to a version that doesn't support services protocol differentiation,
  existing services with the protocol set will be deleted and recreated, without the protocol, by
  the agent, causing connection disruptions for such services.

> * MTU auto-detection is now continues during agent lifetime, changing device MTU no longer requires
>   agent restart to be picked up.
> * MTU auto-detection will not use the lowest MTU of all external interfaces. Before only the primary
>   interface was considered. Exception to this is in ENI mode where the secondary interfaces are not
>   considered for MTU auto-detection. MTU can still be configured manually via the ``MTU`` helm option,
>   ``--mtu`` agent flag or mtu option in CNI configuration.

Reviewer: Nits and typos on the upgrade note

```suggestion
* MTU auto-detection is now continuous during agent lifetime, changing device MTU no longer requires
  restarting the agent to pick up the new MTU.
* MTU auto-detection will now use the lowest MTU of all external interfaces. Before, only the primary
  interface was considered. One exception to this is in ENI mode where the secondary interfaces are not
  considered for MTU auto-detection. MTU can still be configured manually via the ``MTU`` helm option,
  ``--mtu`` agent flag or ``mtu`` option in CNI configuration.
```
